Local Scientist and Student Killed by Dog Driving Car
Tragedy at the twin pines mall where a local wild-eyed scientist, Dr. Emmett Brown, and high-school student, Martin McFly, were found dead in the parking lot early Saturday morning.  Strangely, the culprit seems to be a Catalan sheepdog who was driving the vehicle, a 1981 DeLorean DMC-12, at nearly 90 miles per hour.  The area has been quarantined by FBI as rumours have surfaced that Brown may have been working with Libyan terrorists.
Billionaire Playboy Committed to Asylum
World famous billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne was committed to Arkham Asylum today after it was revealed that he had been causing massive property damage and violently assaulting Gotham citizens late at night while dressed as a rubber bat.  Wayne, frequent face in local tabloids and television due to his many scandals, was immediately recognized and captured by local police.  After the verdict, Wayne's only comment was, "I need to get the penguin!"
Caped Crusader Upholds American Way, Forgets Due Process
Entrepreneur and philanthropist Alexander Luthor has been released from prison today after being literally dropped in by the infamous boyscout Superman.  This marks the third instance Luthor, founder of LexCorp [LXCO] and this news organization, has had to be released after having his right to a fair trial stripped away by the alien immigrant.  When asked to comment, Luthor only remarked, "Maybe that's how they do things on his planet, but this is America!"
Earth Demolition Scheduled for Hyperspace Bypass
A new hyperspace bypass is scheduled to begin construction tomorrow.  The bypass, which has been in the planning stages for 50 Earth years, should help alleviate hyperspace congestion in sector ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha.  This is great news for hitchhikers and infrastructure enthusiasts alike, but some complaints have been lodged by the indigenous dolphin population.  These complaints mostly stem from the fact that, as beings from a Plural zone, they will be unable to use the bypass.
